DOCS/canonical-identity-platform.md, before:

Composable identity provider and identity broker system based on [Juju](http://juju.is).

The Canonical Identity Platform is the simplest way to add single sign on (SSO) for charmed workloads and centralized authentication, authorisation and access governance controls.

> See more: [Identity Platform](https://charmhub.io/identity-platform)

The Canonical Identity Platform uses best of breed open source software to provide:

- The ability to configure SSO with third party, OIDC compliant identity providers (e.g. Azure AD, Google, Okta, etc.)
- A standard compliant OAuth/OIDC server
- User and client management functionalities
- A relationship based access control (ReBAC) backend
- A login UI and error pages

While primarily designed for charmed workloads, the Canonical Identity Platform can also be used to protect traditional Kubernetes and Virtual Machine based applications.

## In this documentation

|                                                                                                               |                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Tutorial](/t/11917)</br> Get started - a hands-on introduction for new users deploying the Identity Platform | [How-to guides](/t/11911) </br> Step-by-step guides covering key operations and common tasks          |
| [Reference](/t/11915) </br> Technical information - specifications, APIs, architecture                        | [Explanation](/t/15743) </br> Discussion and clarification of key topics related to Identity Platform |

## Project and community

The Canonical Identity Platform is a member of the Ubuntu family. It’s an open source project that warmly welcomes community projects, contributions, suggestions, fixes and constructive feedback.

- [Code of conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
- [Join the Discourse community forum](https://discourse.charmhub.io/tag/identity)
- [Join the Matrix community chat](https://matrix.to/#/!nRbdoDYxdQndEfzlJi:ubuntu.com?via=ubuntu.com)
- [Contribute on GitHub](https://github.com/canonical/iam-bundle)
- View our roadmap

Thinking about using the Canonical Identity Platform for your next project? [Get in touch with the team!](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/iam-platform)

# Navigation

[details=Navigation]
|Level|Path|Navlink|
|--|--|--|
| 1 | overview | [Home](/t/11825) |
| 1 | tutorials | [Tutorial](/t/11917) |
| 2 | tutorials/e2e-tutorial | [Getting started with the Canonical Identity Platform](/t/11916) |
| 2 | tutorials/identity-access-proxy-tutorial | [Getting started with the Canonical Identity and Access Proxy](/t/14000) |
| 1 | how-to | [How-to guides](/t/11911) |
| 2 | how-to/integrate-external-identity-provider | [Integrate with external identity providers](/t/11910) |
| 2 | how-to/integrate-oidc-compatible-charms | [Integrate with OIDC compatible charms ](/t/11909) |
| 2 | how-to/integrate-cos | [Integrate with Canonical Observability Stack](/t/11908) |
| 2 | how-to/ory-database-migration | [Perform Database Migration with Identity Platform Components](/t/11912) |
| 2 | how-to/use-local-identity-provider | [Use local identity provider](/t/15548) |
| 2 | how-to/manage-users | [Manage users](/t/15547) |
| 1 | reference | Reference |
| 2 | reference/bundles | Bundles |
| 2 | reference/self-service-flows | [Self-service flows](/t/15549) |
| 3 | reference/bundles/identity-platform | [Identity Platform](https://charmhub.io/identity-platform) |
| 3 | reference/bundles/architecture | [Architecture](/t/11913) |
| 3 | reference/bundles/login-flow | [Login flow](/t/11914) |
| 2 | reference/observability | Observability setup |
| 3 | reference/observability/kratos-observability | [Kratos Observability](/t/11931) |
| 3 | reference/observability/hydra-observability | [Hydra Observability](/t/11930) |
| 3 | reference/observability/identity-platform-login-ui-observability | [Identity Platform Login UI Observability](/t/11932) |
| 2 | reference/kubernetes-charms | Kubernetes Charms |
| 3 | reference/kubernetes-charms/hydra | [Hydra](https://charmhub.io/hydra) |
| 3 | reference/kubernetes-charms/kratos | [Kratos](https://charmhub.io/kratos) |
| 3 | reference/kubernetes-charms/kratos-external-idp-integrator | [Kratos External IdP Integrator](https://charmhub.io/kratos-external-idp-integrator) |
| 3 | reference/kubernetes-charms/idp-ui | [Identity Platform Login UI](https://charmhub.io/identity-platform-login-ui-operator) |
| 1 | explanation | [Explanation](/t/15743) |
| 2 | explanation-security | [Security in Canonical Identity Platform](/t/15744) |
| 2 | explanation-oauth2-oidc | [Understanding OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect](/t/16879) |
[/details]

Commit message:

docs: add oauth client creation guide

DOCS/canonical-identity-platform.md, after:

Composable identity provider and identity broker system based on [Juju](http://juju.is).

The Canonical Identity Platform is the simplest way to add single sign on (SSO) for charmed workloads and centralized authentication, authorisation and access governance controls.

> See more: [Identity Platform](https://charmhub.io/identity-platform)

The Canonical Identity Platform uses best of breed open source software to provide:

- The ability to configure SSO with third party, OIDC compliant identity providers (e.g. Azure AD, Google, Okta, etc.)
- A standard compliant OAuth/OIDC server
- User and client management functionalities
- A relationship based access control (ReBAC) backend
- A login UI and error pages

While primarily designed for charmed workloads, the Canonical Identity Platform can also be used to protect traditional Kubernetes and Virtual Machine based applications.

## In this documentation

|                                                                                                               |                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Tutorial](/t/11917)</br> Get started - a hands-on introduction for new users deploying the Identity Platform | [How-to guides](/t/11911) </br> Step-by-step guides covering key operations and common tasks          |
| [Reference](/t/11915) </br> Technical information - specifications, APIs, architecture                        | [Explanation](/t/15743) </br> Discussion and clarification of key topics related to Identity Platform |

## Project and community

The Canonical Identity Platform is a member of the Ubuntu family. It’s an open source project that warmly welcomes community projects, contributions, suggestions, fixes and constructive feedback.

- [Code of conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
- [Join the Discourse community forum](https://discourse.charmhub.io/tag/identity)
- [Join the Matrix community chat](https://matrix.to/#/!nRbdoDYxdQndEfzlJi:ubuntu.com?via=ubuntu.com)
- [Contribute on GitHub](https://github.com/canonical/iam-bundle)
- View our roadmap

Thinking about using the Canonical Identity Platform for your next project? [Get in touch with the team!](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/iam-platform)

# Navigation

[details=Navigation]
|Level|Path|Navlink|
|--|--|--|
| 1 | overview | [Home](/t/11825) |
| 1 | tutorials | [Tutorial](/t/11917) |
| 2 | tutorials/e2e-tutorial | [Getting started with the Canonical Identity Platform](/t/11916) |
| 2 | tutorials/identity-access-proxy-tutorial | [Getting started with the Canonical Identity and Access Proxy](/t/14000) |
| 1 | how-to | [How-to guides](/t/11911) |
| 2 | how-to/integrate-external-identity-provider | [Integrate with external identity providers](/t/11910) |
| 2 | how-to/integrate-oidc-compatible-charms | [Integrate with OIDC compatible charms ](/t/11909) |
| 2 | how-to/create-oauth-client | [Onboard an application with Charmed Hydra](/t/TODO-change-me) |
| 2 | how-to/integrate-cos | [Integrate with Canonical Observability Stack](/t/11908) |
| 2 | how-to/ory-database-migration | [Perform Database Migration with Identity Platform Components](/t/11912) |
| 2 | how-to/use-local-identity-provider | [Use local identity provider](/t/15548) |
| 2 | how-to/manage-users | [Manage users](/t/15547) |
| 1 | reference | Reference |
| 2 | reference/bundles | Bundles |
| 2 | reference/self-service-flows | [Self-service flows](/t/15549) |
| 3 | reference/bundles/identity-platform | [Identity Platform](https://charmhub.io/identity-platform) |
| 3 | reference/bundles/architecture | [Architecture](/t/11913) |
| 3 | reference/bundles/login-flow | [Login flow](/t/11914) |
| 2 | reference/observability | Observability setup |
| 3 | reference/observability/kratos-observability | [Kratos Observability](/t/11931) |
| 3 | reference/observability/hydra-observability | [Hydra Observability](/t/11930) |
| 3 | reference/observability/identity-platform-login-ui-observability | [Identity Platform Login UI Observability](/t/11932) |
| 2 | reference/kubernetes-charms | Kubernetes Charms |
| 3 | reference/kubernetes-charms/hydra | [Hydra](https://charmhub.io/hydra) |
| 3 | reference/kubernetes-charms/kratos | [Kratos](https://charmhub.io/kratos) |
| 3 | reference/kubernetes-charms/kratos-external-idp-integrator | [Kratos External IdP Integrator](https://charmhub.io/kratos-external-idp-integrator) |
| 3 | reference/kubernetes-charms/idp-ui | [Identity Platform Login UI](https://charmhub.io/identity-platform-login-ui-operator) |
| 1 | explanation | [Explanation](/t/15743) |
| 2 | explanation-security | [Security in Canonical Identity Platform](/t/15744) |
| 2 | explanation-oauth2-oidc | [Understanding OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect](/t/16879) |
[/details]
