DOCS/hydra.md, before:

`hydra` is a [Kubernetes charm](https://juju.is/docs/olm/charmed-operator) for [Ory Hydra](https://github.com/ory/hydra).It integrates with the [Canonical Identity Platform](https://charmhub.io/topics/canonical-identity-platform).

The `hydra` charmed operator handles deployment, scaling, configuration, and other operations on top of [Juju](https://juju.is/).

## Project and community

Charmed Hydra is a member of the Ubuntu family. It’s an open source project that warmly welcomes community projects, contributions, suggestions, fixes and constructive feedback.

- [Code of conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
- [Join the Discourse community forum](https://discourse.charmhub.io/tag/identity)
- [Join the Matrix community chat](https://matrix.to/#/!nRbdoDYxdQndEfzlJi:ubuntu.com?via=ubuntu.com)
- [Contribute on GitHub](https://github.com/canonical/hydra-operator)

Thinking about using Hydra for your next project? [Get in touch](https://matrix.to/#/!nRbdoDYxdQndEfzlJi:ubuntu.com?via=ubuntu.com) with the team!

## Navigation

| Level | Path                                    | Navlink                                                                  |
| ----- | --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1     | tutorial                                | [Tutorial](/t/14087)                                                     |
| 1     | how-to                                  | [How-to]()                                                               |
| 2     | how-to/ory-database-migration           | [Perform Database Migration with Identity Platform Components](/t/11912) |
| 2     | how-to/integrate-oidc-compatible-charms | [Integrate with OIDC compatible charms ](/t/11909)                       |
| 1     | reference                               | [Reference]()                                                            |
| 2     | actions                                 | [Actions](https://charmhub.io/hydra/actions)                             |
| 2     | configuration                           | [Configurations](https://charmhub.io/hydra/configuration)                |
| 2     | integrations                            | [Integrations](https://charmhub.io/hydra/integrations)                   |
| 2     | libraries                               | [Libraries](https://charmhub.io/hydra/libraries)                         |
| 2     | resources                               | [Resources](https://charmhub.io/hydra/resources)                         |
| 1     | explanation                             | [Explanation](/t/15705)                                                  |
| 2     | explanation-security                    | [Hydra Charm Security](/t/15706)                                         |

Commit message:

docs: add oauth client creation guide

DOCS/hydra.md, after:

`hydra` is a [Kubernetes charm](https://juju.is/docs/olm/charmed-operator) for [Ory Hydra](https://github.com/ory/hydra).It integrates with the [Canonical Identity Platform](https://charmhub.io/topics/canonical-identity-platform).

The `hydra` charmed operator handles deployment, scaling, configuration, and other operations on top of [Juju](https://juju.is/).

## Project and community

Charmed Hydra is a member of the Ubuntu family. It’s an open source project that warmly welcomes community projects, contributions, suggestions, fixes and constructive feedback.

- [Code of conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
- [Join the Discourse community forum](https://discourse.charmhub.io/tag/identity)
- [Join the Matrix community chat](https://matrix.to/#/!nRbdoDYxdQndEfzlJi:ubuntu.com?via=ubuntu.com)
- [Contribute on GitHub](https://github.com/canonical/hydra-operator)

Thinking about using Hydra for your next project? [Get in touch](https://matrix.to/#/!nRbdoDYxdQndEfzlJi:ubuntu.com?via=ubuntu.com) with the team!

## Navigation

| Level | Path                                    | Navlink                                                                  |
| ----- |-----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1     | tutorial                                | [Tutorial](/t/14087)                                                     |
| 1     | how-to                                  | [How-to]()                                                               |
| 2     | how-to/ory-database-migration           | [Perform Database Migration with Identity Platform Components](/t/11912) |
| 2     | how-to/integrate-oidc-compatible-charms | [Integrate with OIDC compatible charms ](/t/11909)                       |
| 2     | how-to/create-oauth-client              | [Onboard an application with Charmed Hydra](/t/TODO-change-me)           |
| 1     | reference                               | [Reference]()                                                            |
| 2     | actions                                 | [Actions](https://charmhub.io/hydra/actions)                             |
| 2     | configuration                           | [Configurations](https://charmhub.io/hydra/configuration)                |
| 2     | integrations                            | [Integrations](https://charmhub.io/hydra/integrations)                   |
| 2     | libraries                               | [Libraries](https://charmhub.io/hydra/libraries)                         |
| 2     | resources                               | [Resources](https://charmhub.io/hydra/resources)                         |
| 1     | explanation                             | [Explanation](/t/15705)                                                  |
| 2     | explanation-security                    | [Hydra Charm Security](/t/15706)                                         |
